add reference page for depends_on feature (#1861)
pomerium/documentation: content/docs/reference/routes/additional-login-redirect-hosts.mdx

---

> title: Additional Login Redirect Hosts

Reviewer: docs (nit): Terminology is a little inconsistent here:

* login
* Pomerium login
* automatic login
* chain of login redirects

Consider standardizing on `login flow` throughout for clarity.

Reviewer: consider a short text description and/or diagram for the chained login redirect functionality of this feature. Also we could explain a real use case like the demo you gave me.

Author: I'm not sure what is inconsistent? I also don't see "automatic login" appearing anywhere here.

I do think it's maybe worth a conversation on what to call this feature. "Additional Login Redirect Hosts" is a bit of a mouthful. Open to suggestions if you have any.

Reviewer: I must have not had enough coffee. Not sure where I saw that chain of login redirects. Maybe it was in some other document so feel free to ignore. 🤔

keywords: [cors]
pagination_prev: null
pagination_next: null
toc_max_heading_level: 2
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

## Summary

> Sometimes a single-page application (SPA) may make use of multiple domains. In this case, CORS restrictions can often prevent Pomerium login from working seamlessly with the application.
> 
> The **Additional Login Redirect Hosts** option configures a Pomerium route so that when a user logs in at that route domain, they will automatically receive a Pomerium session cookie for several additional domains. This works by setting up a chain of login redirects through the additional domains.

Reviewer: docs (blocking): I went over our notes to clarify this a bit better.

```suggestion
When a single-page application (SPA) uses multiple domains or subdomains, CORS restrictions and cookie isolation can prevent seamless login and authenticated API access across those domains.

The **Additional Login Redirect Hosts** feature solves this by chaining login redirects across specified domains during authentication, ensuring session cookies are issued for each domain in one flow. This enables scenarios where apps or APIs across subdomains require authentication without forcing users to manually visit each one.
```

Author: OK thanks, I've streamlined your suggestions a little. I also added a link back to the troubleshooting page section discussing this topic. Let me know if you have any concerns.

### Limitations

> - Up to five additional domains can be specified on a single Pomerium route using this option.

Reviewer: docs (blocking): expand on this explaining why 5 and browser limitations with redirects.

Author: Done.
